chore: updates the release note to add behaviour change (#124657)
kubernetes/kubernetes: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.29.md

  - `alpha` support (guarded by the `ServiceAccountTokenJTI` feature gate) for adding a `jti` (JWT ID) claim to service account tokens it issues, adding an `authentication.kubernetes.io/credential-id` audit annotation in audit logs when the tokens are issued, and `authentication.kubernetes.io/credential-id` entry in the extra user info when the token is used to authenticate.
  - `alpha` support (guarded by the `ServiceAccountTokenPodNodeInfo` feature gate) for including the node name (and uid, if the node exists) as additional claims in service account tokens it issues which are bound to pods, and `authentication.kubernetes.io/node-name` and `authentication.kubernetes.io/node-uid` extra user info when the token is used to authenticate.
  - `alpha` support (guarded by the `ServiceAccountTokenNodeBinding` feature gate) for allowing `TokenRequests` that bind tokens directly to nodes, and (guarded by the ServiceAccountTokenNodeBindingValidation feature gate) for validating the node name and uid still exist when the token is used. ([#120780](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/120780), [@munnerz](https://github.com/munnerz))

> - `kube-apiserver` updated:

Reviewer: Add little more description on the change and correct way to determine the config change. You can use the issue description that Jordan updated: https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/117728#issue-1692756209

>   - Updated encryption configuration file watch logic from using inotify watch to polling at an interval of every 1 minute. Moved the logic to polling because there are variations on file changes (like symlink swapping of directories that contain the encryption config) that the file watch logic would fail to detect. Polling at a set interval prevents any such issues. There was never any guarantee on how quickly the API server would update the encryption config, and the `apiserver_encryption_config_controller_automatic_reload_last_timestamp_seconds` metric correctly identifies when the new config becomes effective.([#121310](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/121310), [@nilekhc](https://github.com/nilekhc))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Updated encryption configuration file watch logic from using inotify watch to polling at an interval of every minute. Moved the logic to polling because there are variations on file changes (like symlink swapping of directories that contain the encryption config) that the file watch logic would fail to detect. Polling at a set interval prevents any such issues. Note that there is no guarantee on how quickly the API server will process the encryption config. The `apiserver_encryption_config_controller_automatic_reload_last_timestamp_seconds` metric must be used to determine when the new config becomes effective.([#121310](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/121310), [@nilekhc](https://github.com/nilekhc))
```
